---
title: blog 4
layout: post
author: sam.mccullagh
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1HtM1zf8zP2r1sOpoG4Gf5hEZERDjVRLtdbIisC9jvhU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog 4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>06/10/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>No previous knowledge of google sheets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To create a google sheet that acts as a calculator for shop products. E.g. You put in a fruit and, as you put a formula onto the row, the price of that product will appear next to it and the total of everything will appear below all of the prices.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Unfortunately, I did not manage to fulfil the task set. There were two minor set backs. Firstly, my computer was not typing on google sheets. Secondly, I did not really understand the whole formula part.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>A strategy that would have been effective, is asking teachers to, not do all your work, but to explain what is going on, so that you fully understand.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If I would have asked the teacher, I would have understood, whereas i was just sitting in my chair, spinning round and round, doing nothing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If I am ever stuck again, and let's be on honest that is highly likely, I will definitely ask the teacher for a little bit of help, but I do not want him to do all my work, so I would just ask him if he could explain what was going on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


