---
title: blog 5
layout: post
author: sam.mccullagh
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1tdHS4nEH1Fdk-XiY-CeJekF-kb9f8phKdn82ODgFT7k
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog 5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>08/10/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had one previous lesson on google sheets but other than that I have had no previous knowledge</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To put the the google sheet shop calculator into our blog and maybe a youtube video as well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Not really, I almost managed to complete last week's task of finishing the google sheet shop calculator and because I didn't manage to finish it I could not progress on to this week's task set.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Even though I didn't manage to complete the work and I got distracted easily. I managed to keep very focused near to the end of the lesson. They called me butter, I was on a roll.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I get distracted, very, very easy; talking, listening to others, daydreaming and just getting distracted in general, by the tiniest things.

This is bad as not only am I missing out on my learning I am stopping others, by talking to them, from embarking on their work, which is worse than stopping myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will stay focused on the task at hand, I will listen to the teacher only, unless instructed to talk to a peer. Also, I will look at the computer and teacher only, unless told to do something else.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ZTomuKq3n_k" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

