---
title: blog 2
layout: post
author: sam.mccullagh
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1FGO5LtXfMi-QC7NxJNGa_jZwC7g7A33h_S3BxWbbfn0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>16/09/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I just had 1 blog on my website and my name, nothing else.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To add a picture or gif next to your name, understand how to change font, font colour and add a background.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I added a gif next to my name on my website, I understand how to change font, change font colour and add a background. I did not, however, change the font, change the colour or even add a background.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I took notes. Taking notes is very important, when producing your best work, as you can not remember every little detail your teacher has covered, but if you write it down, you can</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Concentration is good for your learning, but i have a habit of not doing it. This is extremely bad as, like not listening, you have absolutely no clue what is going on after the teacher has finished talking. This can lead to you getting into trouble, but more importantly, lack of concentration will lead to you not learning, which is by far, way worse. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will persevere and work as diligently as possible to improve and better my concentration. So that i can produce my absolute best work i can provide.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


