---
title: blog 12
layout: post
author: sam.mccullagh
permalink: /blog-12/
source-id: 1_m4nTRKHuQQbFfxItVy1_aJ_JFXVrdj2OgKpgJlo4hQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog 12</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>21/06/17</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Been off my blog for an extremely long time, but i'm back. I can’t really remember how to do everything but it is fine, as i’m coping with it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To remember and to refamiliarize myself with github and all its actions. Also, to try and fix my background. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I almost fixed my background, but for some reason, even with all the research I have done I did not manage to fix my background image. It is still stuck in the middle, it is not spread out throughout the whole page. However I have managed to complete my other task, as I have familiarized myself with github and all its uses.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Even though I managed to only complete 1 of my 2 tasks, I that I have persevered through my struggles and even though I fell at the first hurdle, I managed to pick myself up and leap over the rest to the finish line.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the beginning of the lesson I got very stuck and I was just staring blankly at the screen looking for something to pop out and help me instead of asking for help or searching and researching on the internet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?


If stuck I will research and search for a way to aid me, so that I can get up from the hurdle that I fell at and leap over it to the finish line, to complete all my tasks 100%.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


