---
title: Blog 9
layout: post
author: sam.mccullagh
permalink: /blog-9/
source-id: 1mFUMmjWdl0nDPtsWS9zQYMlq4QPKdxo4In_X1Zwxl0Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog 9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>02/12/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I only knew a tiny bit about cyphers and decryptors</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand more about decryptors and cyphers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I have managed to develop my knowledge on these 2 subjects, yet I do not understand the homework, where we have to perform a presentation on the similarities between different cyphers. I didn't understand this, as I didn’t listen to the teacher the best that I could of.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We watched  a man telling us all about cyphers and decryptors, this helped me understand a bit but not fully. As I was not fully  listening to the teacher or the man that we watched.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I only understood a bit of what the man was saying, as I was not concentrating to the best of my ability, which if I had been, I would have no problem with the homework we have been set. Yet I didn't pay attention and I am struggling immensely.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson, I will try my absolute hardest to listen more. Pay more attention to the information that I should be paying attention to. For example, the teacher and I should pay less attention to the things or people that are distracting me so that I do not have to struggle with my homework. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


